this new year's day was marred
by
violence in israel after a
gunman opened
fire on a popular bar in tel
aviv
killing two people before
fleeing the
scene at least three others were
wounded
the city's mayor said it
appeared to be
quote a terrorist attack
motivated by nationalism a
manhunt is
underway for the shooter who is
yet to
be officially identified with
extremist
violence on the rise in the
middle east
United Nations reported the
number of
deaths in Iraq last month rose
to nine
hundred and eighty people that's
up from
eight hundred and eighty eight
in
November more than half of those
killed
were civilians in Germany
Bavaria as top
security official says there's
no longer
any concrete indications of a
specific
terror threat police in Munich
evacuated
to train stations on New Year's
Eve
afterward that Islamic state
extremist
planned to attack them officials
said
the overall terror threat in
europe
remains high and security was
still
tight today with some 100 extra
officers
deployed despite security
threats people
around the world welcomed the
start of a
new year today with fireworks
celebrations and well wishes at
the
vatican pope Francis mark the
catholic
church's world day of peace by
urging
people to respect the
fundamental rights
of all avoid sometimes we ask
ourselves
how it is possible that human
and
justice persist unabated and
that the
arrogance of the powerful
continues to
demean the week
relegating them to the most
squalid
outskirts of our world all of
the
so-called to immerse ourselves
in this
ocean to let ourselves be reborn
to
overcome this indifference which
block
solidarity and to leave behind
the false
neutrality which prevent sharing
meanwhile in his annual New
Year's
speech North Korean leader Kim
Jong on
call for reunification talks
with South
Korea but he blames sold for
mistrust
between the two nations and in
the you s
the one hundred and twenty
seventh rose
parade rolled down the streets
of
Pasadena California security was
tightened for the more than
seven
hundred thousand spectators who
turned
out for the event but
authorities said
there were no known threats
officials in
Dubai are investigating what
caused a
massive New Years Eve fire at a
high-rise luxury hotel it became
engulfed in flames two hours
before
midnight as crowds of revelers
gathered
nearby smoke continued to billow
out of
the sixty three story building
today as
firefighters worked to cool it
down
there were no fatalities but
fourteen
people were treated for minor
injuries
the world's most polluted cities
/ the
number of vehicles allowed on
its
streets today authorities in New
Delhi
India kicked off a two-week test
that
alternates the days that private
cars
may be driven based on whether
their
license plates and an author
even number
authorities hope the initiative
will
help combat record levels of air
pollution in the capital back in
this
country we're in Missouri
residents
found some relief today from the
record-setting floods that have
swept
across much of the state
major interstates in the st.
Louis area
reopened to traffic as high
waters
retreated but for other
communities
downstream the worst is yet to
come
flood waters began to recede
near many
of the hardest-hit st. Louis
suburb
where the surging Merrimack
River
damaged hundreds of homes
meanwhile
crews worked through the night
and into
the morning desperately trying
to
restore services in Missouri
they
reopened two major
transportation
arteries interstate 55
and 44 which had been flooded
for days
but recovery efforts with those
forced
to flee have only just begun
residents in the st. Louis
suburb of
Valley Park where the Merrimack
crested
at a record 44 feet return for
the first
time today to survey the damage
meanwhile farther downstream the
threat
of additional flooding remain
high
Illinois governor Bruce rauner
ordered
the National Guard active duty
and told
residents to brace for more
damage are
mostly concerned about Alexander
County
at the moment south near its
gonna be
fifty feet down there it's
cresting
right now and we were just told
an hour
ago that its breach the levee
the levy
is gonna wash away at where
we've been
asking everybody in the house
inter-county to evacuate and
officials
warned the high waters could
travel
south to Arkansas and Tennessee
Louisiana has also declared a
state of
emergency in anticipation of the
flooding thats to come so far
the flood
waters have been blamed for at
least 22
deaths President Obama is
exploring
unilateral steps you can take to
address
gun violence in his first weekly
radio
address of 2016 he said his
staff has
been looking into potential
executive
actions mr. Obama will meet
Monday with
attorney general Loretta Lynch
to
explore options to keep guns out
of the
hands of quote an irresponsible
dangerous few I get too many
letters
from parents and teachers and
kids to
sit around and do nothing
the gun lobby is loud and
well-organized
and its defensive effortlessly
available
guns for anyone
the rest of us are gonna have to
be just
as passionate and well organized
in our
defense markets president will
reportedly take action to set a
quote
reasonable threshold for wins
sellers
need to seek a background check
the New
Year also ushered in a host of
new laws
fourteen states and several
cities raise
them
minimum wage California and
Massachusetts increased it to
$10 an
hour while Seattle's minimum
hourly wage
rose to $13 new legislation in
texas has
made it easier to openly carry
guns and
hawaii became the first state in
the
nation to raise the legal
smoking age
from 18 to 21 we also mark the
passing
of two talented entertainers
Natalie
Cole the daughter of jazz legend
Nat
King Cole died overnight in Los
Angeles
following a series of health
problems
the R&B singer first made a name
for
herself with a 1975 breakout hit
this
will be and went on to win nine
Grammy
Awards in 2010 Cole performed
the gospel
song I wish I knew how it would
feel to
be free at the white house
song I wish I knew how it would
feel to
be free at the white house
Natalie Cole was 65 years old
actor
wayne rogers also died Thursday
in Los
Angeles after he developed
pneumonia
Rogers was best known as army
doctor
Trapper John McIntyre on the
mash
television series in the
nineteen
seventies he played the role for
the
first three of the shows eleven
seasons
when Rodgers was 82 years old so